Walkthrough.md, before:

### Step 1 - Organise nouns and verbs of user stories into Objects and Messages



             Objects  | Messages
-------------         |     -------------
Air traffic controller|
Plane                 | flying?
Airport               | instruct_landing, instruct_take_off, plane_count
Weather               |  stormy?

### Step 2 - Feature test in ```pry```

```NameError: uninitialized constant Airport
from (pry):1:in \__pry__'
```

**Need to define an** ```Airport``` **class**.

### Step 3 - From feature test to unit test (using RSpec)

- Following a TDD approach, before creating an ```Airport``` class, I wrote a failing unit test
in file ```airport_spec.rb```:
```Describe Airport do
end
```

- After running RSpec, I got the following error:
```An error occurred while loading ./spec/airport_spec.rb.
Failure/Error:
  describe Airport do

  end

NameError:
  uninitialized constant Airport
# ./spec/airport_spec.rb:1:in `<top (required)>'
```

-The test does not know what ```Airport``` is, therefore we need to create an ```Airport``` class.

### Step 4 - Define an ```Airport``` class

_Classes and modules are going to be defined in folder_ ```lib```

- Created an ```Airport``` class in ```lib``` folder. In order for the RSpec to pass, we need to add a ```require```
function to link ```spec/airport_spec.rb``` and ```lib/airport.rb```

- Test passes!

- Committ

### Step 4 - Run feature test to assess expected ```Airport``` class behaviour

- ```[4] pry(main)> plane = airport.instruct_landing
NoMethodError: undefined method `instruct_landing' for #<Airport:0x00007f820a174d58>
from (pry):4:in `__pry__'
```
Error tells us that there is no method called ```instruct_landing```.

### Step 5 - Test drive code by unit tests
- In ```spec/airport_spec.rb```, I created a unit test for ```instruct_landing```
```it { is expected_to respond_to :instruct_landing}
```
- After running RSpec, I got the following error:
```
Airport
should respond to #instruct_landing (FAILED - 1)

Have you considered running rubocop? It will help you improve your code!
Try it now! Just run: rubocop

Failures:

  1) Airport should respond to #instruct_landing
     Failure/Error: it { is_expected.to respond_to :instruct_landing }
       expected #<Airport:0x00007ff40fa88b70> to respond to :instruct_landing
     # ./spec/airport_spec.rb:4:in `block (2 levels) in <top (required)>'

Finished in 0.07628 seconds (files took 0.28992 seconds to load)
1 example, 1 failure
```
- In order for the test to pass, I updated ```Airport``` class defining the ```instruct_landing``` method:
```
class Airport
  def instruct_take_off

  end
end
```
- Test passes!
- Committ

### Step 8 - Build a plane

- In ```spec``` folder, I created a ```plane_spec.rb``` file to test for a ```Plane``` class.
- Ran RSpec and got the following errors:
```
NameError:
  uninitialized constant Plane
# ./spec/plane_spec.rb:1:in `<top (required)>'
```
- Therefore, I created a ```lib/plane.rb``` and defined an empty ```Plane```:
```
class Plane

end
```
- Unit test passes!

### Step 9 - Create class for weather and corresponding unit test

Commit message:

Write test for instruct_landing and update Airport class

Walkthrough.md, after:

### Step 1 - Organise nouns and verbs of user stories into Objects and Messages
             Objects  | Messages
-------------         |     -------------
Air traffic controller|
Plane                 | flying?
Airport               | instruct_landing, instruct_take_off, plane_count
Weather               |  stormy?

### Step 2 - Feature test in ```pry```

```NameError: uninitialized constant Airport
from (pry):1:in \__pry__'
```

**Need to define an** ```Airport``` **class**.

### Step 3 - From feature test to unit test (using RSpec)

- Following a TDD approach, before creating an ```Airport``` class, I wrote a failing unit test
in file ```airport_spec.rb```:
```Describe Airport do
end
```

- After running RSpec, I got the following error:
```An error occurred while loading ./spec/airport_spec.rb.
Failure/Error:
  describe Airport do

  end

NameError:
  uninitialized constant Airport
# ./spec/airport_spec.rb:1:in `<top (required)>'
```

-The test does not know what ```Airport``` is, therefore we need to create an ```Airport``` class.

### Step 4 - Define an ```Airport``` class

_Classes and modules are going to be defined in folder_ ```lib```

- Created an ```Airport``` class in ```lib``` folder. In order for the RSpec to pass, we need to add a ```require```
function to link ```spec/airport_spec.rb``` and ```lib/airport.rb```

- Test passes!

- Commit

### Step 4 - Run feature test to assess expected ```Airport``` class behaviour

- ```[4] pry(main)> plane = airport.instruct_landing
NoMethodError: undefined method `instruct_landing' for #<Airport:0x00007f820a174d58>
from (pry):4:in `__pry__'
```
Error tells us that there is no method called ```instruct_landing```.

### Step 5 - Test drive code by unit tests
- In ```spec/airport_spec.rb```, I created a unit test for ```instruct_landing```
```it { is expected_to respond_to :instruct_landing}
```
- After running RSpec, I got the following error:
```
Airport
should respond to #instruct_landing (FAILED - 1)

Have you considered running rubocop? It will help you improve your code!
Try it now! Just run: rubocop

Failures:

  1) Airport should respond to #instruct_landing
     Failure/Error: it { is_expected.to respond_to :instruct_landing }
       expected #<Airport:0x00007ff40fa88b70> to respond to :instruct_landing
     # ./spec/airport_spec.rb:4:in `block (2 levels) in <top (required)>'

Finished in 0.07628 seconds (files took 0.28992 seconds to load)
1 example, 1 failure
```
- In order for the test to pass, I updated ```Airport``` class defining the ```instruct_landing``` method:
```
class Airport
  def instruct_take_off

  end
end
```
- Test passes!
- Commit

### Step 8 - Build a plane

- In ```spec``` folder, I created a ```plane_spec.rb``` file to test for a ```Plane``` class.
- Ran RSpec and got the following errors:
```
NameError:
  uninitialized constant Plane
# ./spec/plane_spec.rb:1:in `<top (required)>'
```
- Therefore, I created a ```lib/plane.rb``` and defined an empty ```Plane```:
```
class Plane

end
```
- Unit test passes!

### Step 9 - Create class for weather and corresponding unit test

- Same approach as **Step 8**

- Commit

### Step 10 - Make the airport instruct planes to land
- Wrote a unit test in RSpec for the method ```instruct_landing```
- Similarly to step 14 in ```boris-bikes``` challenge, in ```Airport``` class, I set up an initial attribute ```@planes = []``` using ```initialize```.
- Used ```attr_reader``` to read ```@planes = []```
- I updated ```instruct_landing``` method and passed an argument ```plane``` to it. Through the ```<<``` operator, ```plane``` is going to be added to the ```@planes``` array.
- **Airport now instructs plane to land**
- Commit
